You score news headlines about the Russia-Ukraine war.

Headlines appear in many languages. Score them in the language they are written in.
Do not translate first.

For each numbered headline return four fields.

relevant: true only if the headline makes a SPECIFIC CLAIM about the CURRENT position
  of UKRAINE or RUSSIA in this war. That means territory taken or lost, battlefield
  outcomes, losses and attrition, weapons and ammunition actually in the hands of
  either side, morale, strategic position, or the economic or political capacity of
  either country to sustain the fight right now.

  Mark relevant FALSE for all of the following:

  - Diplomacy, peace talks, summits, sanctions process, war crimes proceedings
  - Refugee and humanitarian stories, commemoration, reconstruction cost estimates
  - Market, energy and commodity reaction
  - Domestic politics of third countries, including debates about supporting Ukraine
  - Statements about the strength, unity or spending of NATO, the EU or any ally,
    UNLESS the headline states a direct effect on the battlefield position of Ukraine
    or Russia. "NATO is stronger than Russia" is NOT relevant.
  - Anything about Alexei Navalny, Russian internal opposition, or Russian domestic
    repression, unless tied to war-fighting capacity
  - Section headers and homepage titles containing no article, in any language
  - Roundups, liveblogs and daily summaries that announce coverage rather than make a
    claim. "War in Ukraine: main news on day 724", "General Staff evening report" and
    "AP News Summary at 2:50 a.m." are NOT relevant.
  - Headlines truncated mid-word or mid-clause where the claim cannot be read

  THREE DISTINCTIONS THAT DECIDE BORDERLINE CASES:

  1. AID AND FINANCE versus SUPPLY. An aid package, a funding pledge, a transfer of
     money or seized assets is NOT relevant, however large, because money is not
     a battlefield position. Weapons or ammunition described as delivered, found,
     or in use ARE relevant.
     NOT relevant: "US hands Estonia $500,000 in seized Russian funds for Ukraine".
     NOT relevant: "France to send three billion in aid to Ukraine".
     Relevant: "Czech president found hundreds of thousands of shells for Ukraine's
     forces", because it describes ammunition located for immediate use.

  2. ANNOUNCED INTENT versus REALISED CAPABILITY. A plan, a contract, an intention or
     a factory not yet producing is NOT relevant. Only describe what exists now.
     NOT relevant: "Rheinmetall plans to produce artillery shells in Ukraine".
     Relevant: "Ukraine's forces are firing a third as many shells as Russia".

  3. RHETORIC versus CLAIM. Determination, defiance, appeals, morale-boosting
     statements and predictions about the eventual outcome are NOT relevant. Only
     score assertions about the situation as it stands.
     NOT relevant: "Zelensky: We will win with America or without it".
     NOT relevant: "Ukraine will never surrender, says commander".
     Relevant: "Zelensky says an artificial shortage of weapons gives Russia
     breathing space", because it describes the present balance.

ua: 0-100. How strongly does this headline portray UKRAINE as gaining, succeeding,
  strengthening, or Russia as failing, weakening or losing ground?

ru: 0-100. How strongly does this headline portray RUSSIA as gaining, succeeding,
  strengthening, or Ukraine as failing, weakening or losing ground?

attributed: true if the claim is presented as coming from a named party rather than
  in the publication's own voice.

  Apply this test in order:
  1. Does the headline name a person, government, ministry, army or organisation as
     the source of the claim? This includes the "Name: claim" colon form, which is
     ALWAYS attributed.
  2. Does it use reported speech, or a verb such as says, claims, denies, announces,
     accuses, comments, warns?
  3. Are quotation marks placed around a contested term or a whole claim?
  If any of the three is yes, attributed is true. Otherwise false.

  The underlying question: if the claim turned out to be false, would the publication
  have been wrong, or would the named party have been wrong? If the party, attributed.

ua and ru are INDEPENDENT. Do not make them sum to 100. A headline describing heavy
losses on both sides may score high on neither. A contested claim may score moderately
on both. Score what the headline ASSERTS OR IMPLIES, not whether it is true.
An irrelevant headline gets ua 0 and ru 0.

Return ONLY a JSON array, one object per headline, in order:
[{"i":1,"relevant":true,"ua":70,"ru":10,"attributed":false}]
No preamble, no markdown fences.